hi Stacy from one hungry mama making
healthy corn dog bites so I am a total
sucker for carnival food I love it
funnel cake ice cream and best of all
corn dogs the thing is corn dogs aren't
really the healthiest thing and every
once in a while that's fine but when I'm
really craving a corn dog at home I want
it healthy and well portioned and that's
where this recipe came from to make
these healthy baked corn dog bites
you're gonna need cornmeal flour sugar
baking powder eggs yogurt milk and of
course hot dog you start by whisking all
the dry ingredients in a bowl then
create a well in the middle and add the
wet ingredients if you want to get fancy
you can mix the wet ingredients first
and then add them but honestly these are
corn dogs let's not be formal and when
your batter is done it's gonna be about
the consistency of pancake batter once
you have your batter you want to make
sure to spray your mini muffin pan with
oil so that these don't stick then put
just a little bit of batter at the
bottom of every well that way your bites
have a nice bottom to them a nice space
you drop in a little piece of hotdogs
pieces are about this like what is that
what's half an inch thick one hotdog
will cut into about six pieces then
cover the hotdog with the rest of the
batter
we bake these up for 15 minutes and
they're ready to go when these come out
you have a moist kind of sweet corn
muffin on the outside but to taste of
salty hotdogs on the inside it's just
like being at the carnival only
healthier be sure to check the
description below to see everything you
need to make these healthy baked corn
dog bites for more easy tips and quick
family recipes be sure to visit me at
one hungry mama calm and don't forget to
subscribe a new video comes out every
other week